ENH set output so only some steps can be skipped (#32)
softprops/turnstyle: CHANGELOG.md

## unreleased

> * Added feature to set the environment variable `CI_SKIP=true` when using `continue-after-seconds` so that only a subset of future steps can be skipped.

Author: ```suggestion
* Added feature to set the output `force_continued=true` when using `continue-after-seconds` so that only a subset of future steps can be skipped.
```
